20 years ago alberto tomba imposed himself a bit among the general surprise in
Christmas parallel on the Milan mound
this was an important moment to have the life of alberto and with in
u we want to review together and these images and this looking
I would have great memories this is the first victory
the important thing was the year that the team b
lequile with final with erlacher succeeded the first television open that day e
I didn't hear
strong thermometer and I won the fixed lecco for opa
enel few months later they took me team
heirs to risk their hand with the license if that is what it is also to the de
roberto had dinner like this
I used to go with girls to buy mothon, in fact this is the Valle d'Aosta
and others since I was still 17 and 18 years old from then therefore
with the number 9 if you'll look at romance - shawty wandering between motels at 9+ conure
support what kind of connection there is in your sporting life
editorial in your only mountain your first victory here on the mound
final use which then comes out
it comes out again erlacher and emotion concerning exact you are right you danny
years
but I think more of the more than 10 15 years that their seeing television
feel difficult to write your name in the newspapers at that time
in fact the notebook
I did not put tombstones on the Bolognese if I was drinking or winning
me on the mound that is
have not used your surname to annoy kidneys if not not there now
they believed they were used to other surname night
it was important that time to bring lights
in the center of the city in the city today if you look at Italy
bleed montagnetta zara on the moon and salty star with si monte stella
Alpine with the stars I don't see the reason
do something for this sport and for others
that if they do not see each other they will no longer follow each other as in previous years
duration king alberto tomb
we were really happy to have been able to give you so many good wishes
to you many basins under the big tree
if 2005
thanks again fat